Story 1
User starts up application

The user starts up the application
The user is presented with the main game screen with 5 computer generated players
The game is default

Story 2 
User starts a new game

The application is running and at any point the user may start a new game
To start a new game the user selects "New" then "Game" from the resulting dropdown
The game starts again as if the user had started up the application

Story 3
User starts a custom game

The application is runnning and at any point the user may start a new custom game.
To start a new game the user selects "New" then "Custom Game" from the resulting dropdown
The user is presented with a menu offering them the ability to set the number of computer players as well as if ones are wild or fixed
If the user selects Cancel then no new game is started
If the user selects OK then a new game matching the user details is started

Story 4
User playing the game with the common hand

The main play area has the players in the game arranged somehow.
The player always goes first.
The player selects their bid using a set of input fields.
If the next player is a computer player and a delay has been enabled then a delay will be enacted between the current players decision and the next players :
    The delay should include any processing time, so a 5 second delay with 1 second processing time means 4 seconds where the computer is actually waiting.
    While the computer player is processing / delaying some indication should be on the screen to indicate as such
The next player then either makes a new bid or challenges.
If the player makes a new bid then the process repeats from 6 lines ago if a human player, 5 lines if a computer player.
If a challange occurs then all the players dice are revealed and if the bid is correct then the challangng player looses a dice, else the challanged player looses a dice
If the loosing player does not have any dice left then they are out of the game.
Scoring for the game is done by the number of dice the winnng player has left at the end of the game.
At the end of the game a popup window appears with a score table where the user can input there score and hit "Ok"

Story 5 
User selects to view the number of dice each player has left

At any point in the game the user can change their preferences.
The user selects "Settings" from the menu then selects "Preferences"
In the popup window that appears a checkbox says "Show number of dice remaining"
If the user selects "OK" then the preferences are applied to the game in progress : the number of dice each player has is shown on the main play area.
If the user selects "Cancel" then no change occurs

Story 6
User selects to simulate a delay between players

At any point in the game the user can change their preferences.
The user selects "Settings" from the menu then selects "Preferences"
On the pop up dialog box a checkbox with be shown with "Delay" with an amount field grayed out as long as the checkbox is selected
When the checkbox is selected the user can press two arrows to increase or decrease the delay in seconds between 1 and some acceptable upper limit
If the user selects "OK" then the preferences are applied to the game in progress : the number of dice each player has is shown on the main play area.
If the user selects "Cancel" then no change occurs

